chore(website): add section for suppression comments for linter (#3172)
rome/tools: website/src/_includes/docs/linter.md

**See the full [list of rules](/docs/lint/rules).**

All rules are enabled by default, and cannot be disabled. [Suppression](#lint-suppression) can be used to hide specific lint errors.

[VS Code extension]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rome.rome
[release page]: https://github.com/rome/tools/releases

### Lint suppression

> There are times when a developer wants to keep a specific formatting.

Reviewer: Formatting?

> There are times when a developer wants to keep a specific formatting.

Author: ```suggestion
There are times when a developer wants to ignore a rule for e specific line of the code.
```

> There are times when a developer wants to ignore a rule for e specific line of the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are times when a developer wants to ignore a lint rule for a specific line of the code.
```

Or 

There are situations where you may want to disable a lint rule.

Author: I would stick with the first suggestion, because it's the only type of suppression we have at the moment. We can revisit once we are able to suppress a rule with more commnets

> You can achieve this by adding a suppression comment right before the syntax node (expressions, statements, etc.).

Reviewer: Suppression comments are line based and not node based. 
```suggestion
You can achieve this by adding a suppression comment above the line that is triggering the lint diagnostic.
```

Suppression comments have the following format:

```js
// rome-ignore lint: <explanation>
// rome-ignore lint(js/noDebugger): <explanation>
```

Where
- `rome-ignore` is the start of a suppression comment;
- `lint:` suppresses the linter;
- `(js/noDebugger)`: **optional**, group and name of the rule you want to suppress;

> - `<explanation>` is an explanation why the formatting is disabled;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<explanation>` explanation why the rule is disabled
```
